---
title: Week 1 
week: 1
category: week
layout: post
---

## Tuesday, Jan 8

### Meta

We want the first day to be awesome. Get students active/engaged RIGHT AWAY.

* Help them feel less scared.


### Due Today

### Team Time

### In Class

* Hello Part I (~5m) (Welcome to the Matt and Jan show)
* Announce the Homework (~2m)
* Human Bingo (~30m)
  * Debrief: Why did we do this? (Ask two, three students.)
  * Stress: The course is about teamwork, producing things for people... so, we need to interact, and knowing names is the first and most fundamental way to show respect.
* Hello Part II (~10m)
* Describe a Drawing (Pictionary) in CS:Unplugged (~ 60m)
  * Debrief (small group discussion prompts w/ full class followup)

* Meet your team (~10m)
* Announce the Homework (~1m)

### Launched Today

* Get the books

* Communicate their first teams to them, so they can use TT.

* Install Bluestacks, play Angry Birds. Install something cool. Explore.

* Assignment that forces them to look at the syllabus and reflect on it.
  * Communicating about the structure of the course -- it isn't a passive lecture/consume model.
  * Introduce major learning objectives/themes (and motivate them).
    * Process ...
      * ... in code
      * ... in design
      * ... user experience
      * ... teamwork (it isn't accidental)
    * Coding (creation of apps)
      * Events, conditionals, loops, etc.
    *  User Experience
    * CS is Fun / Empowerment

### Followup / Erata

### References


<!-- # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # -->

## Thursday, Jan 10

### Meta

Where do we communicate: excellent work is team work. We expect to issue 'B' grades in this course, because that is **good** work. Excellent work is not individual work.

Where/when do we capture their gmail account info for app inventor?

Look into using Google Script API for pulling spreadsheets apart and generating (say) 45 Google Docs that summarize information from that spreadsheet.

### Due Today

* Reflective writing about what I will do well, what I will have to work on, and what sounds good/cool for me about the syllabus. 
* Tie it into the survey/overview questions?
* Tell them to bring their laptops to class... always.

### Team Time

* Practice submitting a document: submit the student info document.
  * Team gets +5% if everyone does it/does it correctly. And everything is complete.
* Make sure everyone has a working environment in your team
* Generate questions for profs about the syllabus.

### In Class

* Introduce Team Time (5-10m)
  * Only introduce this activity... talk about team roles in a bit.
* Do Team Time activity (above, ~20m)

* Reassure them/highlight policies. (Q & A, limit to 20m)

#### In Bluestacks... (~30m)
* Run a light "testing protocol" on an app. Or, more than one.
  * More than one kind of app: a game, a productivity app, etc.
  * Get them thinking about: 
    * why did the designer make choices
    * what appeals to them 
    * who was this designed for?

#### Design Time

Give students some time to talk about the My My Berea activity.

* "My My Berea"
  * Use the sights and sounds of Berea to tell a friend or loved one back home about your experience so far at Berea. Capture one or more pictures and sounds that tell the story. No more than three of each. Sounds no longer than 10 seconds each.
  * Capture the sounds and pictures over the weekend.

### Launched Today

* First attempt to setup the AppInventor environment. (Come in during team time to help each-other on Thursday). Not worried if they're not done on Thursday, but we're not going to say that.

* Affective reflective document/survey
  * Try and capture all four aspects of the (tech, teamwork, etc.)

* Read Krug Chapters 1 - 4 + Prompts

### Followup / Erata

### References

### For Another Day

<!-- # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # -->

