---
title: Week 2 
week: 2
category: week
layout: post
---

##  SIMPLE VERSION OF THIS WEEK

Tuesday: Get things to work, read AI chap 00 and 01 for Thurs

Thursday: Hello Purr, Design activity for My Berea. Read Krug 5-9 over weekend.

## Tuesday, Jan 15

### Meta

Will the environment be working for everyone? It has to be. They need to come into lab (Thursday, Sunday, Monday). 

Timing on this day is not done. Tuesday looks full.

### Due Today

* Install environment


### Team Time

* Help make sure things are installed

=================
- Get everyone started (10m+)
- Test that Java works (5m)
=================

### In Class

JAN: Create a page for this. It can be in "todo", call it "l2" or something; it's a "lab."

* Walk through App Inventor (40m)
- Show: 
    - launching the "Viewer" (notepad.jnlp) (10m)?
    - Showing how to create a project 

- Short activity (<5m) actually add components -- different for different teams?
- Either way, give them a task. Short.
  
- Launch Bluestacks (must do this before blocks editor connection)
- run "adb devices"

- Go to the blocks editor; demo something

- Give them a short activity (<10m) to do something (?)


- Oompa Loompa Design Revisit (30-40m)
- Write this so that they each play their role within the team. Perhaps we will give them the list of oompa loompa tasks, or perhasp they come up with the list as a team. (That is preferable.)
- Candy Cane Oompa Loompas joining our team; run a lightweight protocol using team roles.
- Turn something in. (TAs provide feedback.)

### Launched Today

* Read Krug (light read of whole book following protocol)

### Followup / Erata

### References


<!-- # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # -->

## Thursday, Jan 17

### Meta

### Due Today
* Get pictures
* Get sounds
### Team Time


#### Design Time

Give students some time to talk about the My My Berea activity.

* "My My Berea"
  * Use the sights and sounds of Berea to tell a friend or loved one back home about your experience so far at Berea. Capture one or more pictures and sounds that tell the story. No more than three of each. Sounds no longer than 10 seconds each.
  * Capture the sounds and pictures over the weekend.


### In Class

* In pairs, implement two apps: one for each member of the pair, using the images and sounds they collected. (Two apps) (~45)

* Change the Task! (Oh no!)
  * 3-year-old
  * Alien
  * Donor
  * Prospective Student
  * etc.
 
* Do a paper mockup, one sheet per team, that they then share in 30 seconds. (Sales pitch, again.)
### Launched Today

### Followup / Erata

### References


<!-- # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # -->



### In Class

* 30 second sale: do die rolls and have the entrepreneur from each team feature one app from their group. Do 8 groups. (~15m)

* Chocolate Factory CS:Unplugged
  * Debrief

