## Class Atmosphere

You are the most important contributor to a healthy, engaging, and positive classroom environment. 

* You should feel relaxed and be **comfortable trying new things** (and sometimes failing in the attempt). You shouldn't take "failure" to mean "receiving an F," but instead to mean that you try things, make mistakes, and learn from them. The last bit---learning from our mistakes---is the critical part. Noone should ever belittle you for trying.
* You should **look forward to {{site.short}} because it is fun**. You want to be comfortable with the profs and each other---humor and laughter makes the day go faster and better. That said...
* You should **work hard, and be proud of that effort**. Professors are a weird bunch, but to us, a "fun" day is one where we've worked hard and improved ourselves. Hopefully you will find {{site.short}} to be a course that will be fun because it challenges you to work hard and do new and interesting things.
* **Respect matters**. Respect for each-other, regardless of where we are from and where we are on our life journey is of utmost importance. Your professors have a great deal of respect for your efforts as students; you will find that we show that respect by challenging you to extend your limits, and in return, your professors will support you to the best of their ability as you take risks and engage with the course throughout the semester. 

Both Chickering and Gamson's [Seven Principles of Good Undergraduate Education]({{site.media}}/seven-principles.pdf) {{site.pdf}} and Berea's eight [Great Commitments]({{site.media}}/berea-college-great-commitments.pdf) {{site.pdf}} serve as foundational documents and inspirations for the kind of classroom atmosphere that you should aspire to help create. You are encouraged to read both---they're short.