## Regarding Plagiarism

Plagiarism is the use of anyone else's work or ideas without adequate citation. It is a crime which is both easy to commit and easy to avoid. Ideas taken from other people include those from published or unpublished books, articles, websites, TAs, or friends' homework. The best way to avoid plagiarism is to cite ALL your sources, including those from which you paraphrase or borrow ideas, and to be sure use quotation marks when quoting verbatim. If you are not sure whether or not to cite a source, you should cite it! Simply put, plagiarism is stealing because it constitutes theft of someone else's ideas. It is a serious offense, and Berea College takes it very seriously. Plagiarism will not be tolerated! At the first offense, the student will receive an F for that assignment. At the second offense, the student will fail the course. In addition, ALL offenses of plagiarism will be reported to the Associate Provost for Academic Services as detailed in the Berea College Student Handbook.

## Teamwork, Contracts, and Peer Evaluations

Learning to work effectively in teams is one of the learning goals of this course.  Teams are most effective when the following five criteria are met: positive interdependence, individual accountability, face-to-face interaction, appropriate use of collaborative skills, and regular self-assessment of team functioning.  For this reason, self and team assessments will be a regular part of the course. Your self-reflection will reinforce and help you to further develop your teamwork skills.  In addition, one of your early assignments in each of your teams will be to construct a team contract in which you develop ground rules and goals which all team members agree to. Students who fail to submit a required assessment on time will receive a substancial penalty on their contribution to the team project.  After all, teams cannot receive their 5% teamwork bonus if all team evaluations are not in on time.

{% comment %}
Learning to work in teams effectively is one of the learning goals of this course. All projects will be specifically designed for teamwork. Most homework assignments will be designed for individual work. Teamwork is designed to be co-authorship so must clearly include all of the authors' names on all submissions. All assignments and projects should be handed in with the author(s) acknowledging all of the help received for each problem. This includes significant help received from the instructors or in the Computing and Digital Crafts Lab Consultants. Note that the instructors or a Computing and Digital Crafts Lab Consultant may help with homework or labs, and while this help should not be acknowledged as co-authorship, it should still be mentioned. This is meant to be a sharing process; do not "give credit" to other students who have not attempted to contribute to the work or to the team's work, because it is ultimately not a help for the student who did not contribute to the work. Thoughtful practice, not (even mindful) copying, is ultimately the best way to learn. Note that on all team-completed homework, students must describe the roles played by each author on the co-authored assignment submission. 
{% endcomment %}



**FIXME**: Add in a section on teamwork bonuses!!